Extract code snippets from how-to-retrieve-a-list-of-the-hidden-worksheets-in-a-spreadsheet.md (#293)
OfficeDev/open-xml-docs: docs/spreadsheet/how-to-retrieve-a-list-of-the-hidden-worksheets-in-a-spreadsheet.md

This topic shows how to use the classes in the Open XML SDK for Office to programmatically retrieve a list of hidden worksheets in a Microsoft Excel 2010 or Microsoft Excel 2010 workbook, without loading the document into Excel. It contains an example **GetHiddenSheets** method to illustrate this task.

## GetHiddenSheets method

> You can use the **GetHiddenSheets** method, to retrieve a list of the hidden worksheets in a workbook. The **GetHiddenSheets** method accepts a single parameter, a string that indicates the path of the file that you want to examine. The method works with the workbook you specify, filling a **[List\<T\>](https://msdn2.microsoft.com/library/6sh2ey19)** instance with a reference to each hidden **Sheet** object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the **GetHiddenSheets** method, to retrieve a list of the hidden worksheets in a workbook. The **GetHiddenSheets** method accepts a single parameter, a string that indicates the path of the file that you want to examine. The method works with the workbook you specify, filling a **[List\<T\>](/dotnet/api/system.collections.generic.list-1)** instance with a reference to each hidden **Sheet** object.
```

Reviewer: We can do a pass to convert all these to more modern links (and then to xrefs if we can get that enabled) later
